Add circular prop to arc element (#10405)
chartjs/Chart.js: docs/charts/polar.md

| [`hoverBorderColor`](#interactions) | [`Color`](../general/colors.md) | Yes | Yes | `undefined`
| [`hoverBorderJoinStyle`](#interactions) | `'round'`\|`'bevel'`\|`'miter'` | Yes | Yes | `undefined`
| [`hoverBorderWidth`](#interactions) | `number` | Yes | Yes | `undefined`

> | [`circular`](#general) | `boolean` | - | - | `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`circular`](#general) | `boolean` | Yes | Yes | `true`
```

Author: fixed

| Name | Description
| ---- | ----
| `clip` | How to clip relative to chartArea. Positive value allows overflow, negative value clips that many pixels inside chartArea. `0` = clip at chartArea. Clipping can also be configured per side: `clip: {left: 5, top: false, right: -2, bottom: 0}`

> | `circular` | By default Arc is curve. If `circular: false` Arc will be flat.

Reviewer: > 
```suggestion
| `circular` | By default the Arc is curved. If `circular: false` the Arc will be flat.
```
